hey everyone so a few of you have been
asking me what do you do for work where
do you study
blah blah blah Julie and I said I'll
make this video in July and it's the end
of July so it still counts it actually
marks my seven year anniversary of not
working so I'm actually really proud of
this what I want to ask for our
donations essentially I somehow gotta
get money now just a quick question I'm
probably going to Sweden with my
girlfriend in September and I may also
want to go to Norway if there's anybody
out there without for us a place to stay
probably in Oslo would be easiest but
maybe somewhere else for around five
days that's all I have to say just
looking for a place to sleep and it can
be on the floor or anywhere I don't need
a lot of space both of us don't because
we don't sleep on a bed anyway just
something what's up everybody
it is time for me to create a patreon
page for those of you who do not know
patreon is a way for supporters of my
work to support me by giving a monthly
donation this will give me some security
in my life because for the last five
years or I might I mean my fifth year
now of doing full time volunteer animal
rights activism I haven't ever asked for
any money I've never charged a single
dollar for any of the hundred speeches
few hundred speeches that I've done and
I wanted to do that so that no one could
ever question my integrity or question
why I'm doing this
no one could ever question more
integrity or caution why
it would be like so easy for me to just
sell out and like post an act like a
[ __ ] t-talk sad on instagram and
just be holding a [ __ ] skinny tea and
make 10k like I could have done that so
many times like I've gotten so many
offers from companies to do that and
I've never sold out because if I lost my
authenticity and I would just lose
everything I would lose everything that
I've been building and it's not worth it
but I was in this place a few months ago
if like [ __ ] like I literally think what
am i I'm a very lucky guy in life I'm
very lucky very very lucky lucky lucky
for real and the thing is that I had a
girlfriend who I split up it now whose
parents are millionaires and they gave
me 500 euros at least every month
usually more I recommend anybody who's
in any grade now to drop out of school
for real and that's no joke at all
at some point if I get to the point
where there's no other alternative for
me then to work then I'll probably just
take a few of my things and just get
away somewhere maybe on some Island I'm
not sure but I would probably rather die
trying to hunt my food somewhere then I
would rather live like that honestly
then be enslaved I pretty much can't
afford this diet anymore because I don't
get the money anymore because I met
somebody else and I chose her over
everything else and I also want to be
out of fire the best of I can and get
involved in everything that need that I
believe will help the cause and
sometimes that takes money and often I
am given opportunities to get involved
in that I have to say no to because I
simply do not have the funds so I don't
want that to be an issue I want to try
to start being more organized and
getting more done and employing people
if need be and
getting the equipment that I need to get
and whatever it takes to move this vegan
movement as far forward as possible I
want to be able to do that and if more
money will help me do that
then that is what I'm going to have to
do I'm at this point where all I want to
do is give and help and like just give
back to people but like also I need
money to do that and because I haven't
been creating that much at all my income
dropped significantly when I was in
Hawaii but I literally had to sell my
camera last month to pay rent my camera
and that leg art is an extension of Who
I am like art is art is what gives me
life it's what makes me feel alive and I
had to like I don't have my camera
anymore like my beautiful camera that I
used to film all those videos I
literally don't have it because I was
like broke like and I feel like it's so
easy for social media yeah when I was in
Hawaii it's so easy for social media to
give the impression that like I have
this together and that I like have my
[ __ ] figured out and really like no one
does I want to be able to do this job
until the job is done until we bring
total animal liberation to do that I'm
going to need some sort of security some
sort of income so that I don't have to
quit doing this and get stuck in some
sort of nine-to-five job where I am NOT
helping this cause at all
some sort of income some sort of
security some sort of income
so that I don't have to quit doing this
and get stuck in some sort of
nine-to-five job
I somehow gotta get money now most of
you know that I don't just make these
videos to point the finger and laugh at
people I don't just make these videos as
a joke even if there may be some joking
involved along the way I'm making these
videos to ask important questions to
raise questions for the audience that
have come up for me in my life and in my
attempts at political activism again and
again now in this video I'm really
asking you this lifestyle the donation
driven permanent vacation how does it
end how can it ever end well for these
people and this is a lifestyle I've been
invited to join many many times since
this channel first began I remember
having a conversation with Kenya and
Jason that's Hannah mania and her
boyfriend who at that time was also a
successful vegan youtuber and one of the
first things they said to me was why
don't you just quit your job and drop
out of university and become a full-time
activist and the type of activism they
were talking about type they had their
own channels really had a lot to do with
personal beauty lifestyle travel wearing
a bathing suit swimming in the ocean a
lot of things that you've just seen in
this montage that don't resemble I don't
know conventional activism don't
resemble the life of dr. Martin Luther
King jr. don't resemble the life of Ho
Chi Minh don't resemble the life of
conventional symbols of either
revolutionaries leaders protesters or
what have you
now where are those two people today
where is Jason Posey no where is Hannah
mania not too long ago
Hania made a video bluntly stating that
the money she earned from YouTube has
dried up and - whittled down to nothing
to the point where she doesn't get a
monthly check anymore
so the idea of dropping out of
university dropping out of your career
path and doing this full-time even if it
may provide several years of really
memorable reckless leisure where is it
going to lead you just five years from
now for most people in most lines of
work even people who are extraordinarily
talented or extraordinarily beautiful or
both extraordinarily talented and
extremely people for most people
fame is fleeting and it's really obvious
to everyone involved that this type of
pseudo political celebrity eBay gang on
the Internet it largely is based on
appearance Beauty charisma I don't think
anyone really believes that James ASPI
is a well-spoken articulate or
intelligent voice for veganism
I've now watched enough his videos
trying to do my due diligence in making
this commentary and it really just seems
to me like he has nothing to say that he
has no more message to deliver on behalf
of vegan activism and he has really
nothing original to say to meat eaters
except of course eating meat is bad
becoming vegan is good it's a message so
simple that a child can understand it
and a child can deliver it and unlike a
medical doctor asking you for donations
so he can fly to a third world country
and provide medical care to
poverty-stricken people maybe a country
where they've just had an earthquake or
a tornado he doesn't have any set of
skills to offer the movement he doesn't
have anything to offer the people he's
allegedly helping and he doesn't have
any way to show to his donors that he's
actually delivering or doing something
useful now just this month I received
several emails and several messages I
think two of them were here on YouTube
public messages telling me urging me
that I should quit my job drop out of
college drop out of university stop what
I'm doing that I should just become the
next Gary Yourofsky who was Gary
Yourofsky and how was his career made
possible financially gary yourofsky's
career was created by generous donations
from a very successful guitarist in a
rock band called Brian May and if you
google this if you just google those two
names together you're gonna find a
constellation of evidence confirming
that Gary Yourofsky himself always said
that you know his whole program of
touring around the world giving these
lectures and so on was made possible by
donations from generous donors and then
you have the recognition in various
places that Brian May is one of these
most generous donors and so on so an
obscure part-time school teacher from
Detroit
that's who Gary Yourofsky was he was a
part-time schoolteacher in Detroit who
worked very hard at his part-time job
and lived in poverty and was totally
devoted to vegan activism was raised up
out of that poverty and that obscurity
by donations from a millionaire a
multi-millionaire Brian May and briefly
had all of his wildest dreams handed to
him on a platter and not too long
thereafter burnt out and quote-unquote
retired never to contribute to the vegan
movement again it's a very strange story
and I think a lot of these other stories
at best you're gonna have many donors
gathering their money together to
provide a similar sort of rollercoaster
ride
for one would-be activist or another one
would be celebrity another one would be
beauty icon or another and it is really
peculiar in all these cases that again
their careers have nothing to do with
building a foundation or delivering a
particular service or a skill set or
what-have-you it really seems to have
everything to do with their beauty their
appearance the lifestyle even you know
even really the film of them
swimming at the beach and so on sort of
very strange you know glamor activism
and the packaging of the activists as a
celebrity in his or her own right but
unlike other celebrities this is a
celebrity you're you're supposed to make
donations to so you know I have to ask
on many different levels why would it be
a good idea or why would it be a bad
idea for me to take this advice the you
know a few people sent in in the last
month that I should drop out of school
quit my job quit my career aspirations
and from my perspective I would say go
on permanent vacation and from their
perspective become a full-time
quote/unquote professional activist but
what we're looking at here there's
there's nothing professional about it is
there
[Music]
evolution